What are you talking about, Mr. Ye?
Haven't you always wanted to seduce?
I really thought I was fine
What do you do on your wedding anniversary?
Yes, how do I
You admit it
Just because I have no money on a business trip
So even the iron fan cheated
Won't push it on me
Is my secret method
No matter what I think
It's all bad people
Now.
A bitch who will do anything to climb high branches
This is the answer you want, Mr. Ye
Right? So what are you doing here in the middle of the night?
Would dress like this
What am I doing at the club?
Busy with housework until midnight
I found that you haven't come back yet.
Once or twice, the trap will come to you
And
What did I say?
A woman from a wealthy family
Is that how work clothes meet my people?
That's not what I mean. Don't touch me
Ok ok ok
President, this is not the woman who loves to act